ASP.NET WEB DEVELOPERAccomplishmentsWon Associate of the Month award at CYIENTMember of the team which won the Team of the Month award for projects such as DEBTS and eRFAExperienceApril 2015toCurrentCompany Name City , State ASP.Net Web DeveloperResponsibilities:Migration of IU Print website (print.iu.edu) from ColdFusion to ASP.Net using MVC Framework.Create a prototype dashboard for IU Print Analytics module using High Charts.July 2011toJuly 2014Company Name City , State Software EngineerResponsibilities:Designed and developed an application to migrate legacy data to ASP.Net application by providing the ability to validate the data to meetthe business rules for the new application.Design the story board using HTML and CSS and design database for applications by analyzing the customer requirements.Perform code reviews of the modules developed by other team members and participate in pair programming to improve the codingstandards of the overall application.Preparation of build packages and actively participate in integration and deployment phase of the applications. TECHNICALS SKILLS:Programming Languages: C# Web Technologies: SharePoint 2010, ASP.NET 4.0/3.5/2.0, MVC 4 Application Software: Visual Studio2008/2010/2013, SQL Server Management Studio Databases: SQL Server 2005/2008 R2, MySQL, Oracle Others: HTML, JQuery,CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, JIRA Source Controls: Team Foundation Sever, GitHub, Visual Source Safe PROJECTS AT WORK: 1)LEDGER: Ledger is developed to manage the task of invoice clearance for different finance benefits trust accounts of Pratt & Whitney. It isalso used to track invoices charged back to the department budget or to the various business units. The primary objective of this projectwas to migrate the existing application which was developed in MS-Access to a web based application by implementing security and addingadditional business rules. 2) DEBTS (Daily Equity Based Tax Solution): DEBTS is a tool which is used to calculate employee tax based oncertain parameters (medical, social security tax factor). It is developed for UTC USA and deals with all UTC employees' daily equity tax.UBS will place a flat file each day in SFTP with all transactions performed by the employees of UTC. The typical flat file contains employeeid, country code, tax details etc. DEBTS tool will connect to SFTP and downloads flat file to perform the validation rules, at last tool willdecide the record status (there are 3 statuses as Valid, Exception and Pending). User can login to the system and can review the exceptionrecords. And also user can rectify the exceptions to move the exception record to valid records and send the funding files to ADP. 3)Supplier Portal Supplier Portal is designed in SharePoint 2010 to collaborate with their authorized suppliers. Supplier Portal is a merge ofseven legacy Pratt and Whitney existing applications into a single portal. The features that are available simplify the way their suppliers canaccess required business & technical information, as well as how they can provide P&W with valuable delivery information. It is one of themain communication portals and it plays a major role in doing business with Pratt & Whitney. Apart from SharePoint 2010, we used SQLServer 2012 and ASP.Net to develop this application. 4) eRFA (electronic Request For Agreement): RFA is an agreement between twoparties (Company and Client) before they start the work. This process involved more than eight approvers to approve the agreement. Theexisting process which involves manual submission has many problems such as knowing status of agreement, percentage of completion andapproval status etc. The new eRFA application is developed in SharePoint as an electronic application which has more flexible UI tocapture all required data and it eliminated most of the manual efforts in terms of searching for online results and internal applications tovalidate the data entered by requester, more flexible approval process and status tracking. 5) Export Logging Tool Export Logging Tool is aweb based application to collect and log all export activities occurring at Pratt & Whitney Military Engines with a simple interface with anability to generate various reports required to report of export events. Apart from these features it also includes the facility of uploading bulkdata into the database which needs to be validated for the correctness of the data against business rules which determine the type of datathat can be uploaded into each column. AWARDS AND PROFESSIONAL RECOGNITION:Won Associate of the Month award at CYIENT.Member of the team which won the Team of the Month award for projects such as DEBTS and eRFA.Stood 3rd in SIASAT's national level talent search examination during high school.EducationIndiana University Masters : Computer Science Indiana University - Bloomington Masters in Computer Science, August 2014 - December 2015(Current GPA: 3.55).Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Bachelor of Technology : Computer Science and Engineering Jawaharlal Nehru TechnologicalUniversity, Andhra Pradesh, India Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering, September 2007 - May 2011.CertificationsRFAProfessional AffiliationsSource Controls: Team Foundation Sever, GitHub, Visual Source Safe of the team which won the Team of the Month award for projects such asDEBTS and eRFASkillsAsp, Asp.net, Model View Controller, Model-view-controller, Ms Asp, Mvc, .net, Access, Adp, Application Software, Asp.net 4.0, Associate,Award, Benefits, Bootstrap, Budget, C#, Coding, Css, Database, Databases, Deployment, Engineer, Engines, Exceptions, File, Finance, Html,Integration, Integrator, Invoice, Invoices, Javascript, Jquery, Logging, Long-term Disability, Ltd, Microsoft Sharepoint, Ms Sql Server, Mysql,Oracle, R2, Sap, Secure File Transfer Protocol, Security, Sftp, Sharepoint, Software Engineer, Sql, Sql Server, Sql Server 2005, Sql Server2012, Ui, User Interface, Visual Studio, Web Based, Coldfusion, Prototype, Prototypes