VP OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGYExecutive ProfileA results oriented technology leader with over 18 years of IT experience, 8 years of supervisory experience. Passionate about collaborating withkey stakeholders to develop information technology vision and strategy by effectively building organization, processes, infrastructure and services insupport of short and long-term business needs. Understands the business value of available tools and applications as to provide optimal strategicbenefit at the appropriate cost.Skill HighlightsIT GovernanceTeam LeadershipSystems IntegrationContract NegotiationsDisaster Recovery PlansIT OperationsCore AccomplishmentsImplemented a new phone system that will immediately save the company over $100,000 a year with benefits that have increasedproductivity while lowering the need of IT support.Â  This includes vendor contract negotiation, which resulted in the cost of the new phonesystem to be covered with no out of pocket expenses.Managed multiple IT Projects that resulted in increased productivity, performance and revenue.Enhanced communications between our nationwide offices using Video Conferencing, saving over $50,000 a year in travel costs.Worked with Marketing to integrate our CRM and other systems with our Marketing systems, which resulted in real-time feedback tomarketing and end users of client actions.Converted VMWare to Hyper-V which resulted in lower costs & quicker recovery as part of the DRP.Designed, Implemented and maintained a Disaster Recovery Plan that reduced recovery time from 4 days to 2 hours, potentially saving thecompany from catastrophic downtime.Initiated a Task management system that resulted in better communication and increased productivity from the team. Â This kept allstakehoders in the loop on project status.Using qualitative and quantitative techniques, discovered numerous ways to improve current systems, saving Bradley-Morris over $250,000a year.Mentored and coached employees resulting in a 25% increase in productivity.History of increasing infrastructure performance and increasing uptime to nearly 100%, saving the company over $5M a year in revenue.Quickly gained expertise in the company's CRM that resulted in saving the company over $600,000 in consulting fees.Increased sales and reduced costs by cutting manual quoting process time by 80% through design and implementation of a new automatedquoting system.Spearheaded the design and build of a commissions system that resulted in recovering over $2.5M in unaccounted commissions due.Professional ExperienceVP of Information Technology 07/2014 to 03/2017 Company Name City , State Hired to transform the IT department, which was successfulwithin the first few months. Â Developed an IT strategy designed to increase sales and business process efficiency, and lower costs and companyrisk. Built and managed a highly effective team of employees, vendors, and service providers. Reporting to the CEO, responsible for all informationtechnology budgeting, vendor negotiations, and business intelligence. Â Responsible for the IT Budget, task management and delegation, and ITstaff mentoring and reviews.VP of Information and Security Technology 02/2009 to 05/2014 Company Name City , State Lead all IT operations, including purchasing, budgetand structure. Â Conduct performance reviews and record results. Prepare and deliver reports and presentations on IT issues for CEO and VP ofSales on Demand. Train employees on system use, workflow procedures, and technology policies. Manage employees in connection with ITfunctions.Â Manage outside vendors and consultants as needed. Served as the HIPAA compliance officer. Â Worked with marketing and the VPof Product Development to align new products concepts with corporate technology and corporate strategic goals.Director of Information Technology 02/2006 to 02/2009 Company Name City , StateManaged all information security to follow HIPAA Compliance guidelines. Â Advise the CEO and other executives on advanced technologysolutions. Â Began serving on the Executive Management Team. Met with client executives to determine client needs, project requirements, andfeasibility; translate the needs into technical requirements. Â Established high functioning lean IT department to quickly respond to internal andexternal IT support requests. Â Bolstered system performance through design and development of new Electronic Data Processing system byleveraging expertise with Visual Studio 2010, SQL Server, and ASP.NET. Oversaw all areas of Infrastructure.Information Technology Manager 02/2003 to 02/2006 Company Name City , StateContinued to improve and expand the Commissions Tracking Application. Â Gained expertise in the companies CRM and digitally integrated theCommissions Tracking System with the CRM. Â Increased system uptime from 80% to over 99% by implementing new Hyper-V virtualservers/DFS with no downtime. Â Developed and deployed corporate software and apps to employee's mobile devices for streamline corporateuse and uniformity.Application Developer 08/2002 to 02/2003 Company Name City , StateSpearheaded major, year-long initiative to plan, design, build, and implement an ETL commission database system utilizing SQL databases andASP.Net, including data analysis reporting that recovered more than $2.5M in "lost" commissions. Â Provided some end-user desktop support.EducationInformation Systems 2014 Park University GPA: 3.5Bachelor of Science : Management 2007 Park UniversityMagna Cum LadueGPA 3.82SkillsASP.Net 4.5, ASP.Net, VB.NET, Active Directory, Backup, Budget, Contract negotiation, CRM, Data Analysis, Data Processing, Databases,Disaster Recovery, ETL, EDI, ITIL, Training, Executive Management, Senior Management, GoldMine, Information Security, HealthCare IT, ITsupport, Leadership, Marketing, Network analysis, Performance reviews, VoIP, Presentations, Process Enhancement, Product Development,Servers, SQL, SQL Server, Strategy, Desktop support, Visual Studio, WorkflowMilitary ExperienceElectronics Technician 07/1997 to 07/2001 Company Name City , State Deployed and maintained CAT5 and fiber optic cable. Directed andtrained subordinate Technicians. Â Configured 5 stations with CAT5 and fiber optic cable. Â Conducted quarterly and annual formal performancereviews for all subordinates. Â Installed Windows NT system on more than 400 computers. Earned good conduct and sharpshooter awards.