SUBJECT MATTER EXPERT (INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ASSISTANT)QualificationsSAP, HP ALM, Network Configuration, Database Management, Document Management, Troubleshooting / Resolution, System Development& Execution, End-user Training, End-user Training, Customer Service, Website Maintenance, Mac, AUTOCADRelevant ExperienceRecognized as 1 of top 4 agents, promoted twice for excellent customer serviceExperienceSubject Matter Expert (Information Technology Assistant) September 2013 to Current Company Name ï¼ City , State Responsibilities: -SAP Data Validation and Population for Real Estate, Fixed Assetand Plant Maintenance Modules -Assist, Support and coordinate with Missions to create Database/ SAP IDs for testing / enrichment of loadeddata. -Validate data extracted from legacy databases. -Communicate with missions to confirm/ clarify submitted data. -Assist in extraction andvalidation of mission data -Create automated data validation spreadsheets/templates -Prepare data for upload into Umoja performing requiredcalculations and adjustments. -Run LSMW's, in order to upload Entities data into SAP, during Conversion process. -Validate data loaded intoUmoja. -Run Reports and Edit Mission Data in SAP. -Create manuals, guidlines, instructions and cheat sheets for data conversion and testingprocesses -Develop Excel spreadsheets to calculate and show the statistics of reoccurring problems. -Prepare test scenarios in HP/ALM andpopulate the input data accordingly. -Coordinate with other functional teams for the preparation of scenarios, input data and execution of testscripts. -Organise testing sessions with extended-team testers. -Execute test scenarios as part of the Umoja team and guide the extended-teamtesters in the execution. -Identify and raise defects, and coordinate with responsible teams -Re-test failed scripts after defect resolution. -Creationof Training Materials for Data Validation and Testing in SAP -SAP Test script authoring, execution and defect resolution for Product IntegrationTesting and User Verification Testing -Supported Tier 3 Production Support Activities Accomplishments: -Created template and assisted increation of reports to help automate formatting of data, for easier LSMW uploads, which reduced the time needed for preparation of data to 1hour and eliminated transfer errors -Created automated Data Validation Spreadsheet, to decrease validation time by 40% and improve quality ofthe validation by enabling focus on substantive, rather than mechanical errors. - Successfully Completed data conversion and load activities for allPeacekeeping Missions in Umoja Foundation Cluster 1 and Cluster 2 deployment (approximately 30 entities). Each cycle consisted of 3 MockData Conversion/Loads, Dress Rehearsal and Production Load. - Successfully accomplished (until now) Umoja Cluster 3 Data Conversion LoadCycles (Mocks 1-3 and Dress Rehearsal) for UNON, UNEP, ESCAP, UN-Habitat, OCHA-Geneva, for Fixed Assets Equipment and RealEstate Items. Continuing involvement in Cluster 3 data conversion for production - Successfully supported or completed Product IntegrationTesting (PIT) and User Verification Testing (UVT) cycles for Umoja Cluster 3Information Technology Assistant (OSAU) October 2010 to August 2013 Company Name ï¼ City , State Responsibilities: -Conduct walk-throughs on UN floors to verify Locations, Staffand Space configurations. -Assist Project Managers evaluate Vacancies, Overcapacities and Room Type changes. -Interact with Staff in theenvironment to inquire about any changes on the floor and to answer any questions. -Contact Staff and Department Focal Points to confirm anydiscrepancies. -Record and report any discrepancies in Staff Information and make any necessary changes in UN Staff Telephone Directory(Untel) and Voice/Data Messaging Service (VMS) Databases. -Record and report any discrepancies in Floor plans and make any necessarychanges in Aperture -Clean, monitor and maintain Aperture data to assure accurate Floor plans. -Assist Property Management Inventory ControlUnit with Occasional Inventories and Property Verifications. -Create reports in SQL and Microsoft Access for Project Managers to aide in spaceplanning. -Assist AFPS in the cleaning and restructuring of UN Staff Telephone Directory Database (Untel) and processes. -Clean, monitor andmaintain UN Staff Telephone Directory Database (Untel) and Voice/Data Messaging Service (VMS) Database to assure accurate Staff locationand information. -Create new staff entries in UN Staff Telephone Directory Database (Untel) and Voice/Data Messaging Service (VMS). -Createand run queries in SQL and Microsoft Access to edit databases. -Upload and update Untel and Aperture databases. -Develop Excelspreadsheets to calculate and show the statistics of reoccurring problems. -Develop SOP's for my position to help in training efforts. -Develop,Create and Maintain Document Management database and online library using visual studios, for department website (vb script & ASP.net). -BetaTester for CAFM. -Assist contractor in the development of CAFM space and asset management system. -Occasionally assist in computerhardware and software installation and troubleshooting. -Beta Tester for Umoja Pilot project. -PIT Tester for Umoja using HP ALM and SAP. -Data collector for Umoja Pilot Project using templates. Accomplishments: -Granted Administrative rights to Untel and VMS SQL Databases andAperture Floor plans due to my expertise and responsibilities. -Improved efficiency of Inventory process by creating accurate locationnomenclature in Untel, VMS and Aperture databases. -Increased the accuracy level of Staff Information and Floor plans improving space planningoccupancy reports. - Performed Database/Website management tasks for a month until the vacant Supervisor post on P3 level was filled. -Managed, corrected and improved data, queries and processes resulting in reducing SQL Database issues/ errors by more that 50%. -Workedand liaised with software company contractors to assist colleages in fixing errors and improve fuctionality of CAFM system.Information Technology Assistant (PMICU) January 2008 to October 2011 Company Name ï¼ City , State Responsibilities: -Organize all PMICU Stockrooms. -Perform physical inventorycounts of all PMICU Stockrooms. -Process Work Orders using MP-2 / iNeed (Work order software) -Print Barcodes for allDepartments/Offices of UNHQ. -Issue andReceive Furniture from PMICU Stockrooms. -Help Staff members find the Furniture that better suitesthere needs. -Coordinate/Arrange furniture relocation to offsite locations. -Supervise 1 to 10 movers during the liquidation of assets for Secretariatand Conference building vacate exercise. -Assist with Furniture Disposals and update Procure Plus records accordingly. -Coordinate all ITDisposals with OICT and movers and update Procure Plus records accordingly. -Administer IT disposal service contract. -Property RecordsCustodian (for FMS) -Manage Furniture using Procure Plus to Build, Relocate, Transfer and Remove records. -Upload Movers scanners toProcure Plus database. -Develop SOPs for each position in PMICU. -Obtain quotes and submit for requisitions -Enter delivered furniture intoProcure Plus. -Recommend purchases to maintain stockroom counts. Accomplishments: -Granted Administrative rights to Procure Plus SQLDatabase, due to my expertise and responsibilities. -Assigned to be Property Records Custodian for FMS. -Developed Standard OperatingProcedures for unit, including "Furniture Disposal Process" , "Furniture Issuance Procedure", "Processing PO Orders Procedure", etc. -Developedclassification system for furniture used in Unit Operations, warehouse and physical inventories based on UNCCS item codes. -Organized multiplenew offsite stockrooms (45,000 sq ft). -Performed periodic stockroom counts for over 5,000 assets. -Organized relocation of approximately10,000 assets between various stockrooms during vacate excercise of Secretariat building. -Handle deliveries of furniture averaging $200,000. -Performed Location Verification exercise for entire UNHQ Campus during the 2008 Physical Inventory. -Over 10,000 items identified, scannedand updated into Procure Plus thereby affecting $2.4M in official UNHQ inventory. -Assisted in the removal of all the furniture and all abandonedproperty during the liquidation of the Secretariat and Conference buildings(apprx. 630,000sqft). -Relocated, Consolidated and Organized Woodfurniture into appropriated stockrooms to cut down physical inventory count by more than 50%Information Technology Assistant (BCSS) September 2007 to December 2007 Company Name ï¼ City , State Responsibilities: -Managed a variety of expendable and non-expendableaudio-visual supplies. -Arranged the contents of the stockroom and receiving areas in a manner that maintains a safe and efficient workingenvironment. -Participated in periodic physical inventories of UN equipment to ensure accuracy of serial and barcode numbers. -Surveyed brokenaudio-visual equipment for disposal. -Performed asset management through Procure Plus -Cleaned up data fields in Procure Plus -Enter data on allincoming and outgoing expendable and non-expendable stock items. Accomplishments: -Granted Administrative rights to Procure Plus, due to myexpertise and responsibilities. -Surveyed and Assessed all broken audio-visual equipment for disposal. -Reduced disposal survey times, by 30%,by simplifying or streamlining process/procedures. -Assisted in editing IT equipment information in Procure Plus.Technical Support Representative July 2005 to September 2007 Company Name ï¼ City , State Responsibilities: -Managed Inventory of assigned IT products in assigned workcar. -Assisted in yearly storewide physical inventory -Performed Customer Service. -Performed Client/Technician Phone Support. -Configuredand Secured Wireless Networks. -Diagnosed computer Hardware and Software issues -Troubleshoooting and Resolving computer problemsincluding: Hardware, Software, virus, network, video, etc. -Evaluated needs of clients and sold them necessary computer software solutions.Accomplishments: -Recognized as 1 of top 4 agents, promoted twice for excellent customer service. -Increased customer loyalty by 25% -Assisted in customer conflict resolution to help reduce customer product/service returns. -Worked efficiently and effectively to cut appointmentwait time from weeks to 3-5 days.QA compliance September 2002 to July 2005 Company Name ï¼ City , State Responsibilities: - Tracked and managed resources, using Great Plains and MSExcel. - Assisted in yearly warehouse inventory. - Organized warehouse stockroom. - Ordered supplies from vendors. - Processed outgoingorder shipments. - Processed Customer Credit Card Payments. - Processed orders over the phone. - Performed Quality Control. - Ensuredorders went out correctly and on time - Facilitated employee training. Accomplishments: - Promoted within 3 months of starting. - Put in charge of3 persons - Improved work order processing system - Improved speed and efficiency of work order processing by 40%, by simplifying theprocess, and by more efficient work coordination - Created shipping supplies order sheet, ensuring more accurate and faster tracking of supplies -Increased profits by increasing productivity - through above improvements, and by own commitment and motivationEducationCertification : Network Security , 2005 The Chubb Institute ï¼ City , State , US Certification in Network Security The Chubb Institute -Westbury, NY 2003 to 2005Bachelor of Science : Computer Science & Business Oneonta State University ï¼ City , State , US Bachelor of Science in Computer Science &Business Oneonta State University - Oneonta, NYAffiliationsFoundation Cluster 1 and Cluster 2 deployment (approximately 30 entities). Each cycle consisted of 3 MockCertificationsCertification in Network SecuritySkillsInventory, Database, Excel, Training, Stockroom, Sql, Databases, Sap, Statistics, Operations, Sops, Asset Management, Access, Asp, Asp.net,Cafm, Document Management, Inventory Control, Microsoft Access, Ms Access, Ms Asp, P3, Property Management, Restructuring, SpacePlanning, Telephone, Vms, Voice, Credit, Credit Card, Great Plains, Ms Excel, Order Processing, Packing, Payments, Qa, Quality Control,Shipping, Warehouse Inventory, Clients, Customer Service, Receptionist, Retail Sales, Solutions, Technical Support, Wireless, WirelessNetworks, Network Security, Security, Adjustments, Clarify, Data Conversion, Data Validation, Deployment, Fixed Asset, Fixed Assets, Ids,Integration, Integration Testing, Integrator, Maintenance, Plant Maintenance, Real Estate, Subject Matter Expert, Testing, Autocad, DatabaseManagement, Mac, System Development